Pow Wow Notes

Progress/What we have

Art
	What assets have you made?
	1. Boxes
	2. Bulbs
	3. Floors
	4. Ladders
	5. Light
	6. A prototype player but I didn't have experience in animation - Liv can help with that
	7. Switches (on and off)
	

What we need

Roller skates? Probably not (nah)

Liv
	Flipping the switch
	Walking
	We might not need it since the lights are off (discussion now)
		How would we see him going on the ladder?
		No ladder animation for now - later if we have time
	Discuss with you how to do the image style
	
Sounds - Andrew/Paul
	Music - dark, spooky music
	
Title screen - in game

Want to start collaborating with Liv now?
She wants to match styles with you so it's coherent.

You guys can go check out your progress now if you want!
	

What we want








Hey, so, that guy who just stopped by asked if someone wants to talk about the game for a bit. It's a really casual thing, so Andrew and Liv are going to step out and talk to someone about it for a bit. I figure it shouldn't get too big since we need to keep working.







I made pushing blocks really quickly. It doesn't look too great yet, but I'm working on it











GGJ Usernames
Ridgeman
RetroGeorge
AdreZ

Thinking about when to come back tomorrow

I have to leave in 20 minutes :(
I'll keep coding tonight, and we can finish up tomorrow, hopefully

I'm thinking I'll be back around 1:30 or 2 tomorrow afternoon

Remember these games will be submitted by 4 PM

Yeah, I know. I just have church in the morning, so I'll be kinda late. I'm hoping I'll finish programming tonight, though, so we can just put it all together tomorrow.


We're talking about my age....

Game called Crashlands by Butterscotch Shenanigans. Self-supporting. Lots of awards. One of the members was dying of cancer during development. Helped him get away from cancer. He survived! Lots of swearing on the podcast, but the games are kid-friendly.


People may be going to Jimmy Johns tonight, and people might be going to Pints and Pixels tomorrow.

I unfortunately have to head out for the night, though :(

Can you send some of the instructions and feedback about this game?

email address?

No wifi. I'll do it in a sec